# Macro — 2026-06-11

**Bloomberg Money Stuff** — Money Stuff: SpaceX Priced Already
Then they will decide how many shares each investor will get and tell the investors what they’re getting.
Then, sometime tomorrow, the stock will open for trading: Some people who got shares in the IPO will put in orders to sell, [1] <> people who didn’t get shares in the IPO (or who want more) will put in orders to buy, the stock exchange will take a few hours figuring out how to match up those orders, and eventually the orders will be matched and the stock will start trading.

---

**BlackRock Investment Institute** — Credit Currents
<https://app.marketing.blackrock.com/e/es?s=161752090&e=1235917&cid=emc:Global-Credit-Weekly:INST:ENL:MULTI:GLOBAL&elqTrackId=ad23cba2efd44fb584c65eca2f01c48e&elq=c18793993e754f279599a30379a8ffa6&elqaid=106911&elqat=1&elqak=8AF57E4CBD278A6F33A3A430F8FB374E40FF75673DA76CD5359615926A4F0BD968FC>

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios Daily Essentials
To make sure the newsletter gets to your inbox , add mike@axios.com and finishline@axios.com to your contacts.
If you use Gmail, just drag this email to your "Primary" tab.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to the Axios Business Suite
Hello, Thank you for subscribing to the Axios Business Suite!
To ensure the newsletters reaches your inbox, add markets@axios.com , macro@axios.com , and closer@axios.com to your contacts.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios PM
Each afternoon in Axios PM, Mike Allen serves up the top stories and trends shaping business, tech, media, politics, space and more.
Think of it as the perfect companion to your afternoon commute.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios Finish Line
Axios co-founders Mike Allen and Jim VandeHei, along with business reporter Erica Pandey, will bring Finish Line to your inbox every Monday through Thursday evening.
To make sure the newsletter gets to your inbox, add mike@axios.com to your contacts.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios Pro Rata
I'm Dan Primack, the author of Axios Pro Rata, and I'm excited to dive into the world of deal-makers with you.
To ensure the newsletter reaches your inbox, add dan@axios.com to your contacts.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios Macro
Neil Irwin and Courtenay Brown here, the authors of Axios Macro — a daily, lunchtime newsletter that will keep you ahead of the curve on the most important economic developments.
To ensure the newsletter reaches your inbox, add macro@axios.com to your contacts.

---

**Axios Markets** — Welcome to Axios Closer
Nathan Bomey here — excited to catch you up on the top business stories of the day, each weekday afternoon.
To make sure the newsletter gets to your inbox , add closer@axios.com to your contacts.

---

**Axios Markets** — Axios Verification Code: QKBTXR
96 Please use the code below to finish setting up your subscription.
Verify Your Email Address Enter this code to finish verification.

---

**The Daily Upside** — Welcome to The Daily Upside
From now on (or until you unsubscribe), our team of journalists will work day and night to bring you deep perspectives, analysis, and insights on the most important events shaping the economy and broader business climate.
Worry not, we aren’t trying to lull you to sleep; you can expect plenty of color and, yes, even the occasional one-liner.

---

**J.P. Morgan** — Almost Done: Verify your subscription for "The Month In"
View online <[[https://go.paymentsolutions.jpmorgan.com/v/OTg0LU1RSC0yNjEAAAGiVoDxBpwV6CmiNqCjZi6grgUFf7vi_PMUwKEeK_rQYTy-2BnS65JtLa4ZApCR9ymEECJgHqk=]]> | Email security information <https://go.paymentsolutions.jpmorgan.com/OTg0LU1RSC0yNjEAAAGiVoDxBmBOmcdkGx1iMvxoKSjM1be6m3YLPd06QVJ6MadXLAKxZFG-E7ubHUD8ybphbj8fJ8s=> YOU'RE ALMOST DONE Please confirm your newsletter subscription.
Panupong, you recently requested to receive our newsletter, The Month In,1 but we must confirm your consent.

---

**J.P. Morgan** — Confirm your subscription
View in browser <[[https://go-jpmcib.jpmorgan.com/v/NzI2LUtaWS00MDIAAAGiVoAkugGCVRme1PpwboWEgd9L_wecN-0v7HTzIkyQUUvfiaQLDHlBxlmuhOsQC8IOsiGyQvA=]]> Insights In Context Thanks for signing up to receive the In Context newsletter!
Please confirm your subscription so we know we have the correct email address.

---

**J.P. Morgan** — Welcome! You’re in The Know
As a subscriber, you can count on exclusive commentary from our investing specialists.
Take the following steps to ensure you never miss an email: Gmail users: Move us to your primary inbox Apple Mail users: Add us to your VIP list Outlook users: Add us to your favorites Why invest with J.P.

---

**BlackRock Investment Institute** — Your BlackRock Registration
BlackRock Your BlackRock Registration Your BlackRock Registration Dear Panupong Wongkanha, Thank you for registering.
In order to access our upgraded level of content available to registered users only, please confirm your registration by clicking the activation link below: Activate my registration now Once activated, you will be able to access our exclusive content for registered users.
